README.md, before:

# Docker WireGuard

![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/bfren/docker-wireguard) ![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https%3A%2F%2Fbfren.dev%2Fdocker%2Fpulls%2Fwireguard) ![Docker Image Size](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https%3A%2F%2Fbfren.dev%2Fdocker%2Fsize%2Fwireguard) ![GitHub Workflow Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/bfren/docker-wireguard/dev.yml?branch=main)

[Docker Repository](https://hub.docker.com/r/bfren/wireguard) - [bfren ecosystem](https://github.com/bfren/docker)

Comes with [WireGuard](https://www.wireguard.com/) pre-installed.

## Contents

* [Ports](#ports)
* [Volumes](#volumes)
* [Licence / Copyright](#licence)

## Ports

* 51820

## Volumes

| Volume    | Purpose                                       |
| --------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| `/config` | Stores server and peer configuration values.  |

## Licence

> [MIT](https://mit.bfren.dev/2023)

## Copyright

> Copyright (c) 2023 [bfren](https://bfren.dev) (unless otherwise stated)

Commit message:

v1.0.1 (#2)
Major updates
* Using /config as volume
* Adding wg-conf executable
* Adding healthcheck

Minor updates
* Reading server private key directly
* Switching order of init
* Adding / to IP ranges

Documentation updates
* Adding environment variables documentation
* Adding helper functions to README

README.md, after:

# Docker WireGuard

![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/bfren/docker-wireguard) ![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https%3A%2F%2Fbfren.dev%2Fdocker%2Fpulls%2Fwireguard) ![Docker Image Size](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https%3A%2F%2Fbfren.dev%2Fdocker%2Fsize%2Fwireguard) ![GitHub Workflow Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/bfren/docker-wireguard/dev.yml?branch=main)

[Docker Repository](https://hub.docker.com/r/bfren/wireguard) - [bfren ecosystem](https://github.com/bfren/docker)

Comes with [WireGuard](https://www.wireguard.com/) pre-installed.

Once started you can show configuration for a peer in two ways:

```bash
# show configuration as text
wg-conf peer1

# show configuration as QR code
wg-qr peer1
```

## Contents

* [Ports](#ports)
* [Volumes](#volumes)
* [Environment Variables](#environment-variables)
* [Helper Functions](#helper-functions)
* [Licence / Copyright](#licence)

## Ports

* 51820

## Volumes

| Volume    | Purpose                                       |
| --------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| `/config` | Stores server and peer configuration values.  |

## Environment Variables

| Variable                      | Values | Description                                                                              | Default               |
| ----------------------------- | ------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
| `WIREGUARD_EXTERNAL_ADDRESS`  | string | The external IP Address or domain of the server - peers will use this to connect.        | *None* - **required** |
| `WIREGUARD_INTERFACE`         | string | The name to use for the WireGuard interface.                                             | wg0                   |
| `WIREGUARD_IP_RANGE`          | string | The IP range to use for the WireGuard host and peers - **without** the final segment.    | 192.168.100           |
| `WIREGUARD_DNS`               | string | The IP Address of an upstream DNS resolver.                                              | 1.1.1.1 (Cloudflare)  |
| `WIREGUARD_PEERS`             | string | List of peers to create on startup.                                                      | *Blank*               |

## Helper Functions

| Function  | Arguments     | Description                                   |
| --------- | ------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| `wg-conf` | 0: Peer name  | Display a peer's configuration as text.       |
| `wg-qr`   | 0: Peer name  | Display a peer's configuration as a QR code.  |

## Licence

> [MIT](https://mit.bfren.dev/2023)

## Copyright

> Copyright (c) 2023 [bfren](https://bfren.dev) (unless otherwise stated)
